all right hello this I like America 96
and it's gonna be a review on the silver
schedule this is a really good tool
probably the best you know it's three
different sides removed for your kingpin
don't forget the nuts for your wheels
and the other one for your hardware as
this removable attachment of allen key I
guess it's for those um trucks trucks
kingpins is allen key but also has a
ratchet built in this tool is really
easy to use with anything
make setting of a board really simple
once you get your form right you know
that was flow right through it
it feels good to use something ever like
this that has this little like lever
thing right here you just set up what
you want
has the little markings of left and
right you know so you switch it down if
you want to tighten it switch it up if
you want to loosen it it also has this
grip tape file right here oh yeah I also
forgot as a removable screw driver you
just press this right here comes out
really easy Phillips head allen key at
first I didn't come out really easy I
don't like put a toothpick through it to
make it come out but that was this the
first time now just comes those degrees
II but yeah once you get your form right
with your board and stuff it's really
easy to use and go really quick with it
didn't like work with any truck I guess
it is a soil attachment a weak allen key
so if you're if you have crooks trucks
but
overall this is a really good tool
recommend it you should get it probably
one of the best it's only only 14 bucks
just pretty good oh yes I forgot so like
I said for the little screwdriver you
just press this you take it out so it's
not gonna fall off or anything in there
until you press that so you're not gonna
lose it they have a couple different
colors just a standard silver one they
have like the pro model one so like
brand new Fievel or Josh Kahless and the
other guys are on there but yeah very
easy to use feels good
silver to go buy one